Packs/SplunkPy/Integrations/SplunkPy/SplunkPy_description.md, before:

### Use the SplunkPy integration to fetch incidents from Splunk ES, and query results by SID.
***

### Enriching fetch mechanism
This mechanism allows the option to enrich fetched notables.

There are 3 possible enrichment types:
1. **Drilldown search enrichment**: fetches the drilldown search configured by the user in the rule name that triggered the notable and performs this search. The results are stored in the context of the incidents under the **Drilldown** field.
2. **Asset search enrichment**: Runs the following query:
`| inputlookup append=T asset_lookup_by_str where asset=$ASSETS_VALUE | inputlookup append=t asset_lookup_by_cidr where asset=$ASSETS_VALUE | rename _key as asset_id | stats values(*) as * by asset_id`
where the **$ASSETS_VALUE** is replaced with the **src**, **dest**, **src_ip** & **dst_ip** from the fetched notable. The results are stored in the context of the incidents under the **Asset** field.
3. **Identity search enrichment**: Runs the following query
`| inputlookup identity_lookup_expanded where identity=$IDENTITY_VALUE`
where the **$IDENTITY_VALUE** is replaced with the **user** & **src_user** from the fetched notable. The results are stored in the context of the incidents under the **Identity** field.

#### How to configure
1. Configure the integration to fetch incidents.
2. Go to the `Enrichment Types` parameter and select the enrichment types you want to enrich each fetched notable. If none are selected, the integration will fetch notables as usual (without enrichment).
3. Yoy can go to the `Enrichment Timeout (Minutes)` parameter and select the timeout for each enrichment (default to 5min). When the selected timeout was reached, notable events that were not enriched will be saved without the enrichment.
4. You can go to the `Number of Events Per Enrichment Type` parameter and select the maximal amount of events to fetch per enrichment type (default to 20).

#### Knowing the status of an enrichment
Each enriched incident **can** containt the following fields in the incident context:
- **successful_drilldown_enrichment**: whether the drilldown enrichment was successful or not.
- **successful_asset_enrichment**: whether the asset enrichment was successful or not.
- **successful_identity_enrichment**: whether the identity enrichment was successful or not.
- **successful_enrichment**: whether the whole enrichment for the incident was successful or not. Note that if this will be set to True if and only if all enrichment types has succeeded.

#### Resetting the enriching fetch mechanism
- Run the `splunk-reset-enriching-fetch-mechanism` and the mechanism will be reset to first configuration (No need to reset the `Last Run` object)

#### Limitations
- As the enrichment process is asynchronous, fetching enriched incidents takes longer. The integration was tested with 20+ fetched notables that were enriched after approximately ~4min.
- If you wish to configure a mapper, wait for the integration to perform a first fetch, this is to make the fetch mechanism logic stable.
- As for the drilldown search, we don't support Splunk advanced syntax. For example: Splunk filters (**|s**, **|h**, etc...)

Commit message:

enriched fetch mechanism now supports only notables that enriched by the notable macro

Packs/SplunkPy/Integrations/SplunkPy/SplunkPy_description.md, after:

### Use the SplunkPy integration to fetch incidents from Splunk ES, and query results by SID.
***

### Enriching fetch mechanism
This mechanism allows the option to enrich fetched notables.

There are 3 possible enrichment types:
1. **Drilldown search enrichment**: fetches the drilldown search configured by the user in the rule name that triggered the notable and performs this search. The results are stored in the context of the incidents under the **Drilldown** field.
2. **Asset search enrichment**: Runs the following query:
`| inputlookup append=T asset_lookup_by_str where asset=$ASSETS_VALUE | inputlookup append=t asset_lookup_by_cidr where asset=$ASSETS_VALUE | rename _key as asset_id | stats values(*) as * by asset_id`
where the **$ASSETS_VALUE** is replaced with the **src**, **dest**, **src_ip** & **dst_ip** from the fetched notable. The results are stored in the context of the incidents under the **Asset** field.
3. **Identity search enrichment**: Runs the following query
`| inputlookup identity_lookup_expanded where identity=$IDENTITY_VALUE`
where the **$IDENTITY_VALUE** is replaced with the **user** & **src_user** from the fetched notable. The results are stored in the context of the incidents under the **Identity** field.

#### How to configure
1. Configure the integration to fetch incidents.
2. Go to the `Enrichment Types` parameter and select the enrichment types you want to enrich each fetched notable. If none are selected, the integration will fetch notables as usual (without enrichment).
3. You can go to the `Fetch notable events ES enrichment query` parameter and select the query to fetch the notables from Splunk. Make sure to provide a query with uses the \`notable\` macro, See the default query as an example.
4. You can go to the `Enrichment Timeout (Minutes)` parameter and select the timeout for each enrichment (default to 5min). When the selected timeout was reached, notable events that were not enriched will be saved without the enrichment.
5. You can go to the `Number of Events Per Enrichment Type` parameter and select the maximal amount of events to fetch per enrichment type (default to 20).

#### Knowing the status of an enrichment
Each enriched incident **can** containt the following fields in the incident context:
- **successful_drilldown_enrichment**: whether the drilldown enrichment was successful or not.
- **successful_asset_enrichment**: whether the asset enrichment was successful or not.
- **successful_identity_enrichment**: whether the identity enrichment was successful or not.
- **successful_enrichment**: whether the whole enrichment for the incident was successful or not. Note that if this will be set to True if and only if all enrichment types has succeeded.

#### Resetting the enriching fetch mechanism
- Run the `splunk-reset-enriching-fetch-mechanism` and the mechanism will be reset to first configuration (No need to reset the `Last Run` object)

#### Limitations
- As the enrichment process is asynchronous, fetching enriched incidents takes longer. The integration was tested with 20+ fetched notables that were enriched after approximately ~4min.
- If you wish to configure a mapper, wait for the integration to perform a first fetch, this is to make the fetch mechanism logic stable.
- As for the drilldown search, we don't support Splunk advanced syntax. For example: Splunk filters (**|s**, **|h**, etc...)
